well I think the the plan was really
clear you know we were going to go to
Joe McKnight we were going to go to
Stanley Havili and we're gonna go to
Freddie Davis that was really that what
we thought was the best way to go after
these guys and they had so much coverage
on the wide receivers thought we could
get him inside and work those guys and
so as you saw the plan unfold a really
good feature was dancing and I thought
was great concept by a Sark and gianni
mota to understand how to attack these
guys and we really were wrong and there
was really nothing that stopped her stop
this up it ourselves and a couple of
mistakes during the game custom a couple
plays we got backed up in the sequences
you down distance the leading overcoming
but other than that we were rolling all
day it was a great day well this was
this is our really first attempt I think
in the new age of the spread offense to
get after it and I think that Nick and
the coaches just just came up with a
great approach in dealing with it and we
feel like we we found a way to minimize
the factor of the running quarterback
and obviously at minus 19 yards so we
got the job done I thought that was
enormous and I think it really because
of the month that we had you know we had
a long time to prepare and we just dug
in and kept biting and scratching at the
plan and and figured out the players
were really confident we just busted
that one run you know we made a terrible
mistake and Keith mrs. that his
assignment of tackle and dive back and
he goes for 80 on this which was in the
shame but other than that you know I
thought we played great football and the
kids played so hard and we were able to
pressure him to and I will be played a
lot of man-to-man on third downs which
worked out ray had the quarterback a lot
and it all just worked out beautifully
for so the plan was excellent I think
we're gonna be able to grow and in the
future and really be effective against
the style of offense from now on yeah I
think that you know we kicked the ball
great you know David the other had to
kick the ball from you know his own end
zone half the time and he did a terrific
job of pounding the ball great did his
job in all phases we were solid I
coverage was really good Joe hit the one
punt return for field position that was
great and it just was a really solid
game forcing it that what happened in
this game in general is the preparation
really came to game time you know we had
a fantastic month of preparation each
week the objectives were met and then we
had four really different segments of
the
operation each stage stagings of it were
really sharp and executed well great
intensity the kids refresh the whole
time and we carried that the game time
and then we've been able to do that over
the years quite well and we did it again
and I love the way we prepare for it in
the way the guys responded it was it was
really really nice